# AtmMachineProjectSystem



# project-documentation


<h3 align="center">Atm Machine Project</h3>

<p align="center"> Few lines describing your project.


Table of Contents
About
Getting Started
Deployment
Usage
Flow Chart
TODO
Contributing
Authors
Acknowledgments
🧐 About
Fully Functional E-billing Online Payment website. The Technology that we used in the project is Java, Mysql, JFrames container , JCalender,Graphical User Interface(GUI). There is an one important module in the project is user interface billing system to pay the bill. The data is accessed using database and rendered into the local pdf file format. I took almost 40 - 50 hrs to complete this project. SkillLync helped me by providing the wire-frames for all relevant feature pages

🏁 Getting Started
These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for development and testing purposes. See deployment for notes on how to deploy the project on a live system.

Prerequisites
What things you need to install the software and how to install them. i) Java ii) Mysql

Installing
A step by step series of examples that tell you how to get a development env running.

Java Installation:

Go to Chrome and type Oracle java.
Go to Official website click on it.
It will take to the Official website on top of right side you will get Download Java click on it.
Click on the JDK download link according to your operating system.
Check the box to accept the License Agreement. It activates the download button.
Click on install buuton to install.
After successful installation go to the command prompt.
type java --version.
It ensures that Java is successfully installed in your system.
Netbeans IDE installation:

Go to Chrome and type Netbeans java.
Go to Official website click on it.
It will take to the Official website on top of left side you will get Download click on it.
You can download any type of setup as per your requirements from the above mention web page. Right-click on the setup or you can Double-Click on the setup by using the mouse.
Click on the next option.
Check on the “Private networks, such as my home and work network”.
Click on the Allow access button.
Check on the “I accept” option and click on the “Next” button.
Select the path where you want to install the software and press the “Next” button.
Set the Password, User Name & Ports for the Network Connectivity, or we can use this UserName and the Password for the Connecting the Front-End to the Back-End.
Click on the “Next” button.
Click on the “Install” button.
Wait for the while till the time the setup is properly Installed into the Computer
After complication of the setup you can click on the “Finish” button or you can also register the Software, for Further Assistance because it is a Free Software.
Now you can start the NetBeans for further use.
🔧 Running the tests
Explain how to run the automated tests for this system.

Click on the Project.
go to default package.
Go to the project file .
Right Click on the project file
Click on the Run file to run the project file.
🎈 Usage
Add notes about how to use the system.

Creating The Project i) Choose File > New Project ii) In Category Panel Select the java node and in the project pane, choose java application, Click Next. iii) Enter the Contact Editor and Enter the project name and specify the project location. iv) Click Finish.

Creating JFrames: To add a JFrame container:

    1)In the Projects window, right-click the ContactEditor node and choose New > JFrame Form. Alternatively, you can find a JFrame form by choosing New > Other >               Swing GUI Forms > JFrame Form.

    2)Enter ContactEditorUI as the Class Name.

    3)Enter my.contacteditor as the package.

    4)Click Finish.
When we added the JFrame container, the IDE opened the newly-created ContactEditorUI form in an Editor tab with a toolbar containing several buttons, as shown in the preceding illustration. The ContactEditor form opened in the GUI Builder’s Design view and three additional windows appeared automatically along the IDE’s edges, enabling you to navigate, organize, and edit GUI forms as you build them.

The GUI Builder’s various windows include:

Design area.
Source code
Pallet area
Navigator
If you click the Source button, the IDE displays the application’s Java source code in the Editor with sections of code that are automatically generated by the GUI Builder indicated by grey areas (they become blue when selected), called Guarded Blocks. Guarded blocks are protected areas that are not editable in Source view. You can only edit code appearing in the white areas of the Editor when in Source view. If you need to make changes to the code within a Guarded Block, clicking the Design button returns the IDE’s Editor to the GUI Builder where you can make the necessary adjustments to the form. When you save your changes, the IDE updates the file’s sources.

🚀 Deployment
Add additional notes about how to deploy this on a live system.

i) Click on the Project. ii) go to default package. iii) Go to the project file . iv) Right Click on the project file v) Click on the Run file to run the project file.

⛏️ Flow Chart
flow chart

Java - Java
Mysql - Mysql
Netbeans - Netbeans IDE
✍️ Authors
@SkillLymc - FSD
See also the list of contributors who participated in this project.

🎉 Acknowledgements
Hat tip to anyone whose code was used

Inspiration I took the inspiration from the junie Denny solomon madam and Bhupendra pharihar sir from the Skill-lync
To complete the project they helped me alot.

References I refered the some youtube lectures videos and read some documentation about java and Mysql languages.
